I knew a dude had llamas.
You got a giant spread out in the Cape and he had llamas on his lawn and.
Dude, I entered, I had an entire TV show about the leaping Lama festival.
You want to know the best part of it is the, the, the,
the crux of the competition is how much you can adorn your Lama with
gear, like put stuff on and cover its eyes and how you can control it.
And you got to do a sketch Susan in front of the whole four H for all the high
schools around all the parents, all the kids. And I have no, I mean,
I'm not producing, I'm just a host. And I go, so what's it mean the Lama skit?
And they're like, Rocky three. I go, oh, it's my favorite?
Rocky cupboard and Rocky. I go, I'm Rocky. And they're like. Yeah,
you going to come out? The music will be playing.
You get the Lama Lama is going to look just like Mr. T. So we get out to the,
I give it to the Lama and it was a white Lama.
So they had to put it in black face. So it had like red lips.
Oh my God.
And like, let's part of the competition. Isn't pushing on his face. I go,
do you have this race?
I'll pick a black face. And I was supposed to go pick it up.
Whoa, settle down. You're breaking glasses.
Neighbor's wall.
And they play just some eye of the tiger. And I had to take punches at this
10, 10, 10, and then the mom was just standing there. Cause it's a Lama.
Oh my God. And I'm like, you're hitting that in the face.
Oh my, my friend, Steve Rinella and his brother, Matt use Lamas.
When they hunt to carry out the meat, what are they dressing? Trained Lamas.
Have these trained llamas. They take them into like a cargo van.
They'll spit at you. Oh yeah.
That's a rude animal man.